Myanmar is a country made up of many remote tribes, tongues, and national groups.
Jehovah's Witnesses have been active here for over 100 years.
Yet, because Myanmar has been isolated for many decades,
there have been very few opportunities for the witnesses here to meet brothers and sisters from other countries.
However, in January 2014, international visitors from 15 countries joined around 4,000 witnesses
from every major tribe and ethnic group in Myanmar at a special convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The special convention truly stood out as a testimony to our genuine brotherhood and unity.
We all believe that Jehovah God will bring about a new world.
This is not just a dream. We can already see it at our conventions, especially at the special convention just held in Myanmar.
When we saw the unity and love among the brothers and sisters, we felt like we were already in the new world.
From the moment the international delegates arrived at the Yangon Airport, the depth of our brotherhood was clearly evident.
And we were watching the locals very carefully. You could see in their faces, in their eyes, how amazed they were.
Here's all these foreigners coming into the country and being greeted by people as if they've been long lost friends for years.
And we were thinking, what a wonderful shout of praise to Jehovah's name.
The local brothers had prepared for months to attend the convention.
To cover the travel expenses, as you can see, I'm breeding pigs.
I have no regrets spending the money to go there because this convention is very important.
Some local publishers had to walk from their villages, then travel by bus and then on by train.
Some brothers and sisters had never been on a bus or train before.
So many got very carsick.
Then they arrived in Yangon.
We are coming from far away and our health is not good. I'm already 70 years old.
So I was thinking, should I go or not?
After traveling from far away by train, we arrived and met the brothers and sisters from far away.
It wasn't easy to come here. We were carsick. It was horrible.
But we are so happy to meet the brothers and sisters.
As it turned out, the government officials who controlled the National Stadium were so appreciative of the work our organization did cleaning and repairing the stadium,
that they allowed nearly 2,000 brothers to sleep at the stadium for free.
I also was impressed on the friends and their devotion to come here and the way that they had to sleep in here.
I felt very encouraged that for the United States that we can take that back to show how much gratitude they have for your whole life.
All of the congregations throughout Myanmar were assigned to serve as hosts for the international delegates at tours and gatherings prior to the special convention.
Well, welcome in each place. It's so deep from their heart.
And you just want to show them how much you do appreciate them being there to give you that welcome, to make you feel so apart of what everything is going on here.
Each of the 135 ethnic groups in Myanmar has a different language and culture.
At several tours and gatherings, the local and international delegates joined together to enjoy the various songs, dances, and experiences from Myanmar.
The local brothers were so happy to share some of their unique culture with the visitors.
The evening gatherings also created opportunities for the brothers to associate in a relaxed setting.
Getting to know different brothers from different areas has been a heartwarming experience for us.
Even though we can communicate our love story, it's a hiking experience. Herbs, hench, and the love story.
Very happy.
To see everybody together, not really knowing how to talk to each other, but still communicating with hugs, with smiles, and with handshakes and love.
And that's how we communicate with love.
I'm so happy that I came. I can't speak English with the foreigners, but we hug and greet. That makes me so happy.
A peak of 7,977 attended a special convention.
In a total of 213 were baptized.
Long before the baptism talk, the brothers will queue up, line up, and shake hands with the candidates.
With everyone, we're very glad it takes a long time, and each one will say, one or two words to encourage the candidate.
It's really nice to watch that. It's a very good question.
And you will notice another thing, and the candidates will rest for the convention, and they get baptized every day.
That's because they are very modest and very humble people.
After the baptism, they put out the new convention rules, and ready for the rest of the sessions.
My two sons got baptized today. I'm so pleased.
I feel like the happiness I am feeling is a gift from Jehovah.
We cannot do anything, but for Jehovah, all things are possible. He can do anything.
I really crazed Jehovah.
As the special convention drew to a close, both the local and international delegates were deeply moved by the experience they had shared.
We are not yet in the new world, but that is how we feel.
Because even though we are different nationalities and have different backgrounds, yet we are united and are so happy to associate together,
really, it's like the new world.
What impressed me the most was the local brothers.
They've gone through so much, but yet they love Jehovah so much, and it's just really inspiring because I think back home,
we took a lot of things for granted sometimes, but we can tell that they really do like Jehovah.
I faced many challenges in my pioneer service, but after coming to this convention, I feel like all my problems have disappeared.
So I have decided to use even more of my strength in God's service.
And one of the sisters gave me a gift and she said it's a small gift, but big love.
It's touching.
The inspiration of seeing the friends in their quiet dignity, and there were some of them that didn't even understand a word of the convention,
yet they would travel five days to get here and five days back on bus.
So it makes me want to take it back, and I've already prayed to Jehovah that I can use this to take it to action.
And we really feel like we're living in paradise.
We did not expect to get that way, and every day it seems like we're already there.
Really happy and excited.
There are so many brothers and sisters.
I just feel like I don't want this to end.
I feel like I'm in the new system.
I'm so happy.
Believe me, like I am in the new world.
I am so happy.
At the end of the special convention, everyone knew they had experienced something very special.
Despite coming from different countries, language barriers, and contrasting cultures, we felt united as one brotherhood.
We just wanted it to last forever, and we know one day it will.